start
You're listening to Comedy Central now. Hey, what's up, everybody? I'm Trevor Noah and this is the Daily Social Distancing Show. Today is a big day, people. It is a big day for America. It is a big day for the world. It is a big day for the Supreme Court. And we'll be talking about that later on in the show. But first, let's kick things off with the coronavirus pandemic.  It's the once in a century plague that's killed over a million people worldwide and forced us all to ask, why did we ever go to a buffet? And now, as the virus rages on, the world is bracing for a second wave.  And in France, that second wave has already arrived.  France is now in a state of emergency. The country has seen a surge in coronavirus cases. The president, Emmanuel Macron, says the second wave will likely be worse than the first.  The country has imposed a nightly curfew in Paris and other major cities.  The curfew will last for at least four weeks.  People who violate it will be fined 135 dollars.  The curfew is in effect from 9:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m.  The French prime minister says the goal is to reduce the number of people in bars and restaurants.  The country has seen a sharp increase in cases.  The number of people in intensive care has doubled in just the past two weeks.  That's right. France is now in a state of emergency, which is the second worst state to be in after a state of emergency. And I'm not going to lie, people, this is going to be tough for the French. I mean, they're used to eating dinner at 11:00 p.m. and now they have to be home by 9:00. I mean, what are they going to do? Just sit there and talk to their kids?  But I get it. I get it. They're trying to stop the spread of the virus. And I think a curfew is a great idea. In fact, I think they should do this even when there isn't a pandemic. Yeah, just have a curfew every night. That way, no one will ever find out that the French actually eat McDonald's every night. And I know some people are going to say, well, Trevor, what about the people who work at night?  You know, like the bakers and the prostitutes. And I say, well, those people are going to have to find a new job. And I think the bakers will be fine. I mean, they're already up at 3:00 a.m. anyway. But the prostitutes, I mean, they're going to have to start charging extra for lunchtime, happy endings. And look, I know that this is going to be hard for everyone, but it's for the best. And if you're really struggling, just remember, you can still get a baguette to go.  And now, as France is going into a second wave, America is still in its first wave. And it's getting worse.  In fact, the United States just set a new record for the most coronavirus cases in a single day.  The U.S. is now averaging more than 60,000 new cases a day.  The highest number since the pandemic began.  The country's seven day average of new cases has jumped 34 percent compared to a week ago.  Hospitalizations are up 40 percent in the past month.  And deaths are up in 14 states.  The virus is spreading so fast in the Midwest that the University of Kansas Hospital is now sending patients to the Rocky Mountains.  The hospital is so overwhelmed that it's had to turn away patients.  The hospital is now so full that it's treating patients in the emergency room and in hallways.  We're seeing a lot of patients who are coming in with very severe disease.  And unfortunately, we're seeing a lot of patients who are dying.  We're seeing a lot of patients who are coming in and they're not going home.  They're going to the morgue.  That's right, people. The hospital is so full that they're treating patients in the hallways. And I know that sounds bad, but on the plus side, if you're in the hallway, you don't have to worry about getting a bad roommate. Yeah, you're not going to be lying there in the hallway, listening to the guy next to you, watching the mass singer on his iPad.  You're just going to be lying there in the hallway, listening to the guy on the other side of you, watching the mass singer on his iPad. And I'm not going to lie, man, this is really scary. I mean, the hospitals are full. The cases are skyrocketing. And yet the Trump administration is still saying that they're turning the corner on the virus. And I guess technically they're right, because if you turn the corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner.  And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner, you'll find another corner. And if you turn that corner,
end
So if you're looking for a new podcast to listen to follow the I Heart Radio podcast, the Black Effect presents on the come up with Laura Smith.  On the come up is the evolution of Laura Smith's popular series, the come up, where she has intimate and in-depth conversations with the biggest names in hip hop.  This season, Laura sits down with some of the most exciting up and comers and pioneers in the game, discussing clout, their come up stories and the hustle behind their success.  Listen to the Black Effect on the I Heart radio app, Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.  This has been a Comedy Central podcast now.
